add docs for publishing to github pages manually (#886)
rust-lang-nursery/mdBook: book-example/src/continuous-integration.md

```

That's it!

### Deploying to GitHub Pages manually

> If you're CI doesn't support a GitHub pages, or you're deploying somewhere else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your CI doesn't support a GitHub pages, or you're deploying somewhere else
```

> with GitHub pages like integration, *note: you may want to use different tmp dirs*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with integrations such as Github Pages: 
 *note: you may want to use different tmp dirs*:
```
